BUGS:
  Comments:
    ☐ Avoid changing drawing when an element comment is being created. Block from the moment the comment element tool is activated.
    ☐ When an object has more than one comment their representation overlap and it no clear.
  SVG Canvas:
    ☐ Improve the objects selection. Currently it is difficult because lines are too thin. How can I check surrounding pixels? @high
  Miscelaneous:
    ☐ If I open the app from the project viewer and then I go to the projects list, the current project doesn't show the thumbnail neither the shared icon. @high 
    ☐ Currently if a project is uploaded and there is already one with this name an error is thrown. @high 
      Show a dialog with an explanation and the possibility to set a new name or cancel the operation.
      Create a json with all the project names or fetch them to make sure there is none with the same name.
    ☐ When a project is deleted the corresponding thumbnail is not deleted (thumbnails are located in the settings folder). @high 
    ☐ When a project is deleted empty the contents of the objects `currentProject` and `lastUploadedProject`. @low
    ☐ When a project name is changed does it change as well on the shared folder for all collaborators?


FEATURES:
  Workspace:
    ☐ Be able to close a workspace. When a workspace is closed the app should return to its initial state. Current will be closed every time project is changed. @high
  Comments:
    ☐ Add the option to create a comment for all objects of a category, and also by drawing or whole project.
    ☐ Create a tool to switch the comments visibility, maybe with the option by drawing or global.
      If the comments are hidden and an object with comments is selected should the comment appear?
    ☐ Make comments by default semi transparent and only fully visible when the mouse is over its area or the commented object is selected.
    ☐ Add priority property to comments. This would allow to filter visibility by priority for example.
    ☐ Allow filter comments visiblity by category of object.
    ☐ Add the possibility to select a comment. When the comment would be selected the options to edit or delete it may appear on the comment or on the comment properties panel.
  Notifications:
    ☐ When clicking a notificacion it should bring you to the corresponding project and drawing, updating it if necessary to show the changes.
      If the notification is about a different project ask if you want to close current and change or open a new browser tab.
  Navigation:
    ☐ Use click on the app logo to go to the projects list?
    ☐ Add down arrow on the buttons with the project title and the drawing to make it clear that they are clickable. @low
  Collaboration:
    ☐ Be able to access the project collaboration setting from inside a project, for example from the side menu.
    ☐ When a user receives an email with the link it is important to add the shared project to the app folder (VADrawingsViewer) of the new collaborator.
      One possibility is that if it detects that the project folder doesn't have as parent the app folder, look for it and if it is not found create it, eventually setting as parent.
      Another option would be to use a specific url like `state=startcollab` which would indicate the this action should be done.
  Miscelaneous:
    ☐ If the Google profile picture doesnt load successfully show a default one (svg). @low
    ☐ Add project units. Important ot be able to calculate distances. Check out how units are stored on an IFC file.
    ☐ Be able to click on a section or level annotation on a drawing to go to the corresponding section or level drawing.


CHANGES:
  Comments:
    ☐ Extract all the process of updating comments of a drawing to a function `updateComments()`, and call it only if `commentsChanged` and if they are visible.
      In case comments are not visible it will be called when the visibility will be enabled.
    ☐ Hide the Save button while the projects list is open.
  Branding:
    ☐ Change installation sentences:
      Install the app and get a better experience.
      Installation is instant without store redirect and it won't take up space on your phone.
    ☐ Make the maginifying glass of the logo thicker and lighter.